In this video, we're going to focus on how to build out this shared library.
We're going to first take a look at how we can somehow share code between multiple different services.
We're going to outline three different ways to share a code between the service and the ticket service.
Now, just be clear.
There are more than three ways to share code between projects, but we're going to be mostly focused
on these three different methods.
So method number one for sharing code between two projects is to just do a very direct copy paste.
So we could go into our service.
We could find all those middle where's all the custom air handling stuff and so on, and do a direct
copy paste of that code over to this new ticket service we're going to put together.
And there's definitely a very big downside to this approach.
If we start to copy paste stuff over, we might then go back over to our service and start to make changes
to this common code.
And so maybe we are now on version two over here.
How would we know what files changed?
How would we somehow get those files synced over to the ticket service?
We would have to do a direct copy paste again.
And when we did that direct copy paste, it might be really challenging for us to keep in mind exactly
what changed.
So it'd be kind of hard to document these changes over time.
I think you can probably we don't really need to spend a lot of time on this.
I think you can probably kind of instinctually sense that doing a direct copy paste this code between
projects is probably not the best way to do any kind of code sharing.
So I just want to mention it, but we're not really going to consider this as a serious option.
Met.
The number two is to use what is called a git sub module.
If you are familiar with git then you might have heard of sub modules.
A sub module is whenever we have one git repository and we want to somehow include another git repository
inside there.
So we might create a git repo for our service and our ticket service would then create a third repo
for all of our common code.
We would then add in this common repo into our off and tickets repos as a sub module.
And so you can imagine that we kind of take a copy of this thing.
And put it directly in right there and right there.
Now the upside to this approach is that we have all of these common code inside of version control.
And so we know at all times exactly what version of the common code we are running between these two
different projects.
We also have some really solid documentation on what gets changed between different versions.
The downside to this approach is that using get some modules in general is just a little bit challenging.
There's some different complicated commands whenever you create a new git repository.
Setting up some modules is always a little bit of a pain.
And so this definitely is a valid option, but there's just a little bit of pain associated with it.
So third option we're going to take a look at is publishing all this common code as an NPM package.
So this is what we are going to do.
We're going to take all this common code.
We're going to move it into a new project.
We're then going to publish this as a package to the NPM registry.
So we might give it a name of something like git ticks, dash common or something like that.
Then inside of each of our different services that need this common code, we will simply install it
as a NPM dependency using that same kind of NPM install command you are already familiar with.
The nice thing about this approach is that we can still version the code inside this common repository
or this common library.
So our service might use version 001 of this common library and a ticket service might use, say, version
002.
So if we ever start to make a change to this Git Ticks library, no problem.
We can still have all of our other services using the older version until we eventually get around to
making updates and adjusting them and saying, okay, let's now use version zero or two over inside
the service.
So we're going to use option number three right here.
Now, this definitely solves a lot of issues, but there are some really big downsides.
This means that any time that we want to change our common code, we're going to have to make our change,
push it up to the NPM registry, then go over to our different services and update our version to the
latest.
And that's just kind of a tedious process.
We are going to eventually write out a little script that's going to kind of automate some of the stuff
for us.
But I just want to point out that it is a little bit tedious and there will be times where we start
to write some code in an update to this common repository or this common library, and then we will
publish it.
We will update our ticket service with the newest version, and then we'll say, Oh my gosh, we just
made a little mistake.
So we'll have to go back over to the library, make the update, rebuild it, push it again, update
ticket service again.
In other words, there will be times where it's a little bit of a pain, but this kind of has the best
of all the different options.
Okay.
So with that might mind another quick pause right here in the next video, we're going to go ahead and
create this common library.
We're going to start to set it up as an NTP module and then start to move all of our common code over
to it.